[Pages] SPA behavior explanation (#7320)
cloudflare/cloudflare-docs: content/pages/framework-guides/deploy-a-react-application.md

After deploying your site, you will receive a unique subdomain for your project on `*.pages.dev`.
Every time you commit new code to your React application, Cloudflare Pages will automatically rebuild your project and deploy it. You will also get access to [preview deployments](/pages/platform/preview-deployments/) on new pull requests, so you can preview how changes look to your site before deploying them to production.

{{<Aside type="warning" header="SPA rendering">}}

> By default, Cloudflare Pages assumes you are developing a single-page application. Refer to [Serving Pages](/pages/platform/serving-pages/#single-page-app-spa-rende) for more information.

Reviewer: You're changing the heading name, this will be broken

Reviewer: ```suggestion
By default, Cloudflare Pages assumes you are developing a single-page application. Refer to [Serving Pages](/pages/platform/serving-pages/#single-page-application-spa-rendering) for more information.
```
